Application allowed to include user metadata in feedback events (#3007)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where lane guidance icons would sometimes highlight the wrong arrow.([#2942](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2942))
* The duration annotations added by the `NavigationMapView.showRouteDurations(along:)` method are now set in the fonts you specify using the `NavigationMapView.routeDurationAnnotationFontNames` property. Use this property to specify a list of fallback fonts for better language support. ([#2873](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2873))
* Removed deprecated and obsoleted `EventsManager` typealias, `StatusView.delegate`, `StatusView.canChangeValue`, `RouteLegProgress.upComingStep`, `StatusViewDelegate`, `DeprecatedStatusViewDelegate` and `BottomBannerViewController.init(delegate:)`. ([#2993](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2993))

> * `NavigationEventsManager` now allows the application to include application metadata `appMetadata` such as the application name and version in feedback events by setting `withAppMetadata` parameter of  `NavigationEventsManager.recordFeedback()` to `true`. ([#3007](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3007)).

Reviewer: Overall looks good to me. Would it be possible to implement basic unit-test for newly implemented functionality? Please also rebase onto `release-v2.0` to fix outstanding conflicts.

Reviewer 2: Tests are welcomed.

Author: We can't test against the schema directly, and unit-tests just verify that it outputs some JSON that _looks_ correct. We have to go through a test app to check whether it is working properly. Currently doing so with @bamx23.

Reviewer 2: We can verify that `userInfo` is propagated to `MMEEventsManager` as intended.

* Fixed an issue where the current road name label sometimes displayed the name of an intersecting road instead of the current road or blinked in and out. ([#3019](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3019))
* Fixed an issue where offline route calculation might hang up. ([#3040](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3040))
* Fixed the moment of custom feedback event creation. ([#3049](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3049))

> * `NavigationEventsManager` now allows the application to include application metadata `NavigationEventsManager.userInfo` such as the application name and version in feedback events by including `userInfo` parameter of  `NavigationEventsManager.recordFeedback()`. ([#3007](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3007)).

Reviewer 3: Technically this PR renames some symbols. It’s pretty verbose, but jazzy requires us to include the fully qualified method name:

```suggestion 
* Renamed `NavigationEventsManager(dataSource:session:defaultInterface:)` to `NavigationEventsManager(dataSource:session:defaultInterface:userInfo:)` and `NavigationEventsManager.recordFeedback(type:description:)` to `NavigationEventsManager.recordFeedback(type:description:userInfo:)`. The new optional argument contains application metadata, such as the application name and version, that is included in each event to help Mapbox triage and diagnose unexpected behavior. ([#3007](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3007)).
```
